release v1.0.0 (#14)
MDAnalysis/waterdynamics: CHANGELOG.md

## [Unreleased]

### Authors

### Added

### Fixed

### Changed

### Removed

## [1.0.0] - 2023-10-17

### Authors
- ianmkenney

### Fixed
- package deployment workflow enforces correct options regarding tests
- formatting fixes in AUTHORS.md (PR #12)

## [0.1.0] - 2023-10-13

> The waterdynamics MDAKit was created by Ian Kenney in 2023 and is based upon
> the MDAnalysis.analysis.waterdynamics analysis module originally written by
> Alejandro Bernardin in 2015. Additional contributors to the original source
> are listed in the AUTHORS.md file.

Reviewer: Let's start with acknowledging the original code
```suggestion
The original `MDAnalysis.analysis.waterdynamics` was written by Alejandro 
Bernardin in 2015 and had been part of MDAnalysis since release 0.11.0,
https://docs.mdanalysis.org/2.6.1/documentation_pages/analysis/waterdynamics.html .
Ian Kenney created the `waterdynamics` MDAKit in 2023, based on the original
code in MDAnalysis. Additional contributors to the original source code are 
listed in the AUTHORS.md file.
```

### Authors
- ianmkenney

### Added
- the core functionality of waterdynamics (and its tests) was implemented
  using the source code from MDAnalysis.analysis.waterdynamics (#3)
- documentation deployed to github pages and read the docs (PR #5 #6)

> [Unreleased]: https://github.com/MDAnalysis/waterdynamics/compare/1.0.0...HEAD

Reviewer: These links don't do anything or give 404. Please check before putting them in.

Reviewer: I think you can just remove them.

Author: The link will work once the release is out
